These are my datasets for the project in csv format.

Datasets: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/diegosilvadefrana/brazilian-deforestation-from-2000-to-2021?resource=download&select=data.csv This dataset, in the standard csv format, includes historical data from 2000-2021 about deforestation in the Amazon Rainforest. This data was obtained from the Brazilian National Institute for Space Research (INPE). The columns in this dataset include ano (year), id_municipio (County ID), area (total area of county), desmatado (area deforested), Floresta (forest area), nuvem (area covered by clouds, nao_observado (non-observed area), nao_floresta (non-forest area), and hidografia (hydrography area). There is a smaller dataset that corresponds the id_municipio with the county name. This dataset will be used to identify which regions experience the most deforestation. https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/mbogernetto/brazilian-amazon-rainforest-degradation?select=inpe_brazilian_amazon_fires_1999_2019.csv This dataset, contains three files with information on fire outbreaks, deforestation by state, and occurances of el nino and la nina. However I will only be using inpe_brazillain_amazon_fires_1999_2019. This file has data in the standard csv format with the number of fire outbreaks in the Amazon by state, month, and year, from 1999 to 2019. The dataset was extracted from the INPE website (http://terrabrasilis.dpi.inpe.br/queimadas/portal/) on December 13th, 2019, which detected fire outbreaks though satellite imaging, and was updated every 3 hours. The columns in this dataset include year, month, state, latitude (average latitude of all occurrences in that specific month, year, and state), and firespots (number of fire outbreaks) This dataset will be used to explore trends in fire outbreaks in the Amazon and see if they corresponded with the temperature of the rainforest. https://demo.arcticdata.io/view/urn%3Auuid%3A2894fbf8-7cbf-4ce8-8101-94a1e545be06 This csv dataset has information on the air temperature of the Amazon from 2000-2010. The raw data was collected by Mai Fosline and Halina Do-Linh by using remote sensing to record the temperature every hour and calculate a daily average. Because of the yellow fever epidemic in 2005, there is a gap in data from that year. The columns of this dataset include sampledate, year, and ave_air_temp_adjusted (daily average temperature). This dataset was used with the dataset above to see if there was any correlation between the number of fire outbreaks and the temperature. https://ourworldindata.org/grapher/drivers-forest-loss-brazil-amazon?time=2002..latest This csv dataset is about the causes of forest loss in the Amazon from 2001 to 2013. It has data on how many hectares of forest are either deforested or degraded each year due to causes such as fires, flooding, mining, etc. The columns are Entity, Code, Year, flooding_due_to_dams, natural_disturbances, fire, selective_logging, other_infrastructure, roads, mining, small-scale_clearing, tree_plantations_including_palm, pasture, and commercial_crops. The Entity and Code both refer to the country, which is Brazil for all rows. This dataset was used to look into what were the leading causes of forest loss in the Amazon and how has this dynamic changed over time.


